Change the branch as appropriate. (#2802)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/About-Executors.rst

Execution management in ROS 2 is explicated by the concept of Executors.
An Executor uses one or more threads of the underlying operating system to invoke the callbacks of subscriptions, timers, service servers, action servers, etc. on incoming messages and events.

> The explicit Executor class (in `executor.hpp <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp/include/rclcpp/executor.hpp>`_ in rclcpp, in `executors.py <https://github.com/ros2/rclpy/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclpy/rclpy/executors.py>`_ in rclpy, or in `executor.h <https://github.com/ros2/rclc/blob/master/rclc/include/rclc/executor.h>`_ in rclc) provides more control over execution management than the spin mechanism in ROS 1, although the basic API is very similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The explicit Executor class (in `executor.hpp <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp/include/rclcpp/executor.hpp>`_ in rclcpp, in `executors.py <https://github.com/ros2/rclpy/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclpy/rclpy/executors.py>`_ in rclpy, or in `executor.h <https://github.com/ros2/rclc/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclc/include/rclc/executor.h>`_ in rclc) provides more control over execution management than the spin mechanism in ROS 1, although the basic API is very similar.
```

Author: I explicitly didn't change the references to `rclc`, since https://github.com/ros2/rclc did not add in a `rolling` branch.  Thus, I think this still needs to stay as `master` for now.

Reviewer: Ah, sorry for the noise, you are right!

These issues have been partially addressed by the following developments:

* `rclcpp WaitSet <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp/include/rclcpp/wait_set.hpp>`_: The ``WaitSet`` class of rclcpp allows waiting directly on subscriptions, timers, service servers, action servers, etc. instead of using an Executor.
  It can be used to implement deterministic, user-defined processing sequences, possibly processing multiple messages from different subscriptions together.
  The `examples_rclcpp_wait_set package <https://github.com/ros2/examples/tree/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp/wait_set>`_ provides several examples for the use of this user-level wait set mechanism.

> * `rclc Executor <https://github.com/ros2/rclc/blob/master/rclc/include/rclc/executor.h>`_: This Executor from the C Client Library *rclc* developed for micro-ROS gives the user fine-grained control over the execution order of callbacks and allows for custom trigger conditions to activate callbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rclc Executor <https://github.com/ros2/rclc/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclc/include/rclc/executor.h>`_: This Executor from the C Client Library *rclc* developed for micro-ROS gives the user fine-grained control over the execution order of callbacks and allows for custom trigger conditions to activate callbacks.
```

Author: Same comment as above.
